how's your self to someone
how do you not run out of new things to
say
legrande affair is my new recording and
it's a it's collection of Michelle
aground songs that I chose with him and
it's really not about me it's really a
collaboration I met Michelle aground on
Broadway he was the composer of a more
which came over from Paris and I always
loved his music and I came in as a fan I
was I'm a flat-out fan and so I wasn't
just there to play Isabelle I was there
because michela grounds in the room for
me it was center of the universe I first
discovered his music at home my father
is a concert pianist classical pianist
and he also a doctor but always wanted
to be a professional pianist and he
spent his life playing music but when he
really wanted to seduce my mom he
started playing michela ground music
it's very evocative music it's like
romance I don't know if it's sexy like
we think sexy but it's from that period
the late 60s or 70s you know when things
were alluded to and that was sexy it
just seemed like it was a very alluring
time and maybe is a classier time so it
has both the sinuous and naughty
business but it's also just it's it's
classic a deterrent this is classic
music
I had just finished Dracula on broadway
and and michelle and i have been staying
in touch a little bit michelle says
Millie said now your show his clothes
come we get this get together and think
and I thought I'm not usually the kind
of person a lot of actors aren't you do
your own work you sit down and create
your own project and I sat down with him
and I thought well this might go nowhere
you know I'm just I'm double blessed
already that I got to meet him but so we
sat down and we started to he came to my
apartment and we sat down and went
through the music together we kept
gravitating towards intimate sweet soft
music we weren't going for the big belt
he stuffed the on my way to you stat
racal kind of material he wanted I did
he what he was saying things like the
Melissa like like something delicate in
on team Swansea well you know it would
have been easier if it was just me and
him at the piano um because we we have
all that on debt recording we have you
know when it was quite pretty he plays
so beautifully but he said no no it has
to be enormous 100-piece symphony and he
pulled a favor with his orchestra in
leuven and and we went it was a 100
piece symphony and they're now called
the Brussels Philharmonic and they're
unbelievable and they've been doing his
movies for a million years and he was
sounded unbelievable it's big it's a big
record it's a big idea and even if it's
not a narrative thing it's kind of a
it's kind of an odyssey it's an odyssey
into a very this man is a very deep
imagination and these songs mean a lot
of things
wait too late
twist
you
lets you see
it's wishful for a for all the most
beautiful things in life it really is it
openly wishes for beauty it does and I
do wish for that I wish for peace and I
wish for things to be a bit spectacular
you know but kind tender calm soothing
and I hope people when they listen to it
will just hear how improbable it is that
some masterful man like michela grande
orchestrated from 100 pieces you know
it's really about him it's really about
him it's about imagination I was just
there to be this sort of center to tell
the stories but I hope when you listen
to what you just Marvel really at at him
in love
with you
you